Leadership documents (#8)
PLTCom/PLT-org: Committees/Committee-Process.adoc

= Committee Process

> This document outlines the rough process committees should implement to effectively set and meet goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides a general outline of the process committees should implement to effectively set and meet goals.
```

== Conduct an Investigation

> After being elected, new committee directors should investigate the needs of the organization. This can be done by polling the members of your committee, who should have a better understanding of what's needed at the ground level, or by polling the membership directly using the forms service built in to Chapterbox*. You should ask open ended questions like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After being elected, new committee directors should investigate the needs of the organization. Recommended approaches include polling the members of your committee, who should have a better understanding of what is needed at the ground level, and by polling the membership directly using the forms service incorporated within Chapterbox*. You should ask open-ended questions like:
```
